Add option for generating `-include` directives in dependency file (#531)
ethteck/splat: docs/Configuration.md

Generate a dependency file for every linker script generated. Dependency files will have the same path and name as the corresponding linker script, but changing the extension to `.d`. Requires `elf_path` to be set.

### ld_dependencies_include

> Emit an `-include` directive in the generated dependency file that includes .o file dependencies if they exist.

Reviewer: Could you explain a little more what this new feature does and why people may (or may not) want it.
It took me a bit to understand what it does.

a few examples would be nice too.

> Emit an `-include` directive in the generated linker dependency file that includes .o file dependencies if they exist. Module dependencies can be generated as a side effect of compilation or as a separate step in your toolchain, GCC for example supports a number of options starting with `-M` for this purpose. Generating dependency files in this manner enables a build script to express most if not all build dependencies automatically with no need to maintain separate lists of .o files or define mappings for .o files to .c files etc., and means the splat config file can be the sole source of truth for this information. As an example, if your splat config includes modules `[0x1000, c, foo/bar]` and `[0x2000, c, foo/baz]`, the linker dependency file will contain a make rule similar to `build/foo.elf: foo/bar.o foo/baz.o`. If you generate compilation dependencies, you will also have the files `build/foo/bar.d` and `build/foo/baz.d` that contain make rules like `foo/bar.o: foo/bar.c someheader.h`, and `foo/baz.o: foo/baz.c anotherheader.h` respectively. Enabling `ld_dependencies_include` will add `-include build/foo/bar.d build/foo/baz.d` to the end of the linker dependency file, so all that needs to be done to provide make with the complete picture is `-include config/foo.d` (or wherever you output the .ld file to).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to overly explain what a dependency file is. At least not since we aren't explaining it on the other dependency-generating setting either.

What do you think about this instead?

```suggestion
Emit an `-include` directive in the generated linker dependency file that includes `.o` file dependencies, if they exist.

This option will emit an `-include` directive on the generated `.d` dependency file for the target (see [`ld_dependencies`](#ld_dependencies)) that includes a list of dependencies for each object required for the elf target. The paths are constructed by reusing the object path but replacing the `.o` extension with `.d`.

Note those per-object dependency files need to be generated by your build system. You can refer to GCC's `-M` family of flags to know how to generate them.

This option defaults to `True`.
```

Author: Thanks, I adapted your suggestion a little.
